Boundary Docs: Configure workers refactor (#3077)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/credentials/static-cred-vault.mdx

1. Provide a name for your credential store and select type **Vault**.
1. Complete the fields related to your Vault instance:
    - **Address** - The address of your Vault instance.

>     - **Worker Filter** (optional) - If your Vault instance does not have a publicly accessible address and instead is proxied through a Boundary worker, enter the worker filter. This should be a boolean expression. To have Boundary format the filter for you, toggle the **Show filter generator** switch. Refer to [Generate a filter in the Admin UI](/boundary/docs/workers/filters#generate-a-filter-in-the-admin-ui) for the procedure, or the examples in the [Worker tags](/boundary/docs/workers/worker-tags) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Worker Filter** (optional) - If your Vault instance does not have a publicly accessible address and instead is proxied through a Boundary worker, enter the worker filter. The filter should be a boolean expression. To have Boundary format the filter for you, click the **Show filter generator** toggle. Refer to [Generate a filter in the Admin UI](/boundary/docs/workers/filters#generate-a-filter-in-the-admin-ui) for the procedure, or the examples in the [Worker tags](/boundary/docs/workers/worker-tags) documentation.
```

Reviewer: Per our standards "click the X toggle". I noted a few other instances of this.
